on the first one will be many a primary
election nights tonight it was New
Hampshire's time to shine the polls have
closed and if all goes well we should
have the final results of the Democratic
caucus by June 28th I don't know how
this caucus system it's confusing but
the reason that they start them the
reason the primaries begin in Iowa and
then go to New Hampshire's because it's
important that we know what the very
widest people think first the stakes are
high for all the candidates in different
ways Bernie Sanders is from nearby
Vermont New Hampshire is one of his
strongholds he is expected to do well
there going in tonight Bernie had 12
delegates and no hairbrushes and you
know who else was in New Hampshire last
night the president was in Manchester
for what he described as the biggest
political rally in New Hampshire history
only he says I'm like that you know it's
true and the president he fired the
crowd up sherry tales of his many
imagined victories including that at the
State of the Union last Tuesday night on
Tuesday I delivered my address on the
State of the Union and I had somebody
behind me who was mumbling terribly
mumbling mumbling Oh
it was mumbling very distracting we did
some digging and we went through all the
footage to figure out who was mumbling
behind him and I believe we found the
culprit
here on this land on this soil on this
continent it's it's nice that they still
have that spark after all this time
together as he often does Trump covered
a wide range of subjects including the
time in 2017 when a man with a gun shot
Louisiana Congressman Steve Scalise
Scalise was at the rally with Trump a
very brave man he took a bullet he got
shot and he got up he was gonna die that
night
I tell the story all the time his wife
she was crying so much when he finally
did awake I said well one thing I
learned your wife loves you why do you
say that because she was devastated I
know many wives that don't get too upset
[Applause]
some fizz mixing it up with Michael
Bloomberg now who mulu murdered was not
on the ballot in Iowa or New Hampshire
instead he has like 15 commercials
running in every show on every
television channel but that appears to
be working according to a new national
poll
Bloomberg is now in third place behind
Bernie and Biden but now he's got a
problem at a past surfaced from 2015 in
which Mike Bloomberg touts his
controversial stop and frisk policy this
is a thing that targeted young black men
this morning Trump tweeted Wow
Bloomberg is a total racist which is
ironic because you know some people kind
of think the president might be racist
himself though Trump quickly deleted the
post which may have had something to do
with the fact that he himself is a big
fan of stop and frisk well one of the
things I do regard it was I would do
stop and frisk I think you have to we
did it in New York it worked incredibly
well and you have to be proactive you
have to have in my opinion I see what's
going on here I see what's going on in
Chicago I think stop and frisk in New
York City it was so incredible the way
it worked
oops all right stop and frisk is also
Trump's policy backstage at his beauty
pageants did you
the President had a great deal to say
last night so we slowed him down to half
speed for tonight's poetry edition of
drunk Donald Trump silly woman said the
reptile with the grin you knew before
you Trump is is absolutely drunk with
power right now his close friend and
advisor Roger stone in case you don't
know was found guilty it's Roger stone
found guilty of obstruction of justice
lying to Congress witness tampering in
various fashion related crimes as well
but so federal prosecutors yesterday
recommended a sentence of up to nine
years for Roger stone and that did not
please the president so he tweeted this
is a horrible and very unfair situation
the real crimes were on the other side
as nothing happens to them cannot allow
this miscarriage of justice says the man
who got away with the first impeachment
trial in history that did not have
witnesses so Trump tweeted that last
night and then today we learned that the
Justice Department suddenly decided to
reduce their sentence request from nine
years to something far less severe which
is appalling even by Trump standards and
unheard of that he would somehow affect
the sentence of his friend Trump tweets
all of a sudden his Attorney General was
like hey you know what instead of seven
or nine years why don't we make that no
years wouldn't that be better all four
federal prosecutors today who worked on
this case resigned in protest the
president claims he had no idea says he
didn't do anything says he stays out of
things to a degree that people wouldn't
believe I believe he also says he's
known Roger stone for years and he's a
nice guy which it's good enough for he
seems like in fact let's look at some of
the stuff this very nice guy has posted
he once said Joe Biden has trouble
keeping his hands off children he said
Eric swallow was the congressman from
Down syndrome
and when former first lady barbara Bush
died he wrote Barbara Bush was a
mean-spirited self-important nasty and
entitled woman bitter over her husband's
long term and quite public affair I now
understand why Nancy Reagan hated her so
much yes well he seems lovely I will
agree with that and I look forward to
the other prisoners discovering the
tattoo of Richard Nixon on his back I'll
tell you that Patrol Trump right now
though is totally he's over the weekend
he removed that Lieutenant Colonel and
Alexander VIN Minh from the National
Security Council and then he fired his
brother who had nothing to do with
anything
because VIN Minh testified in front of
the house he fired the guy for obeying
the law and then Trump said adios to his
now former ambassador to the EU
Gordon Sunland who happens to be one of
his biggest donors he gave the president
a million dollars this guy spent a
million dollars to get fired by Donald
Trump meat loaf did that for free but I
think he even got paid Sandlin was a
target for revenge because his testimony
clearly explained that the President did
to Ukraine exactly what the Democrat
said he did secretary Perry ambassador
Volcker and I worked with mr. Rudy
Giuliani on Ukraine matters at the
express direction of the President of
the United States
so Trump of course exacting his
vengeance vengeance on Psalm hland and I
want to see how Gordon's holding up so
we reached out to him and he was kind
enough to agreed to join us tonight and
so I'd like to say hello to a former
ambassador Solomon
[Applause]
okay now can I ask why are you in an
orange jumpsuit oh it's not orange Jimmy
they call it presidential skin tone what
who calls it that where are you right
now I'll give you one guess it rhymes
with Geronimo's gay want old the
president sent you to Guantanamo Bay why
because he's very angry with me he's
madder than Joaquin Phoenix at a dairy
farm very sorry to hear that how are you
holding up down there in Cuba right I'm
okay I mean you know it's pretty hot
here
yeah it's hotter than the cauldron
Kellyanne conway uses to make potions
well that is hot yeah make sure you
drink plenty of water Gordon oh I'm
drinking gallons of it upside down
through my nose
what oh no you're being waterboarded
that's really not that bad it's like
hugging a kiddie pool with your face
yeah how are the conditions there
otherwise this place is so filthy the
bedbugs have ringworms
that does sound dirty yes this place is
dirtier than Ted Cruz's pornhub search
account oh my god well I'm sorry to hear
that hey well you know one thing I
wanted to ask is that have you seen
Lieutenant Colonel VIN Minh and and/or
his twin brother are they locked up
there - oh no the president sent the VIN
manzano coronavirus cruise oh okay
there's no room for them there's too
many new detainees here we do whoa who
are the new detainees Mitt Romney's
grandkids yeah
which ones which kids 300
Oh No the old Tabernacle Choir Oh No
yeah we're squeezing here tighter than
Shaq in a bumper car well they are
they're very cute I'll say that this is
Donny this is Maurice all right go back
to knock it on Sodor is a very
unfortunate Oh congratulations that
you're congratulating get me meet my
cellmate I'm doula Paula Abdul oh my
gosh hello he hates women he hates gays
he ain't sparring at home Oh so why are
you congratulating him because Trump
just gave them the Medal of Freedom oh I
see I see
[Applause]
it is a rush limbaugh oh yes yes yes we
got that yeah
we gotta go Jimmy it's Taco Tuesday oh
alright well that's fun I really hear
Taco Tuesday means they roll us up in a
carpet and beat us with a bag of what
I'm alright I'll let them go that's
Gordon Tomlin everybody in happier news
Madison Square Garden tonight they had
the hundred 44th annual Westminster
Kennel Club dog show which I guess it's
fun for the people but to me the sad
part of that show is none of the winners
even though they won because they're not
aware they're in a competition or even
what a competition is all they know is
that their owners are lunatics and
anyway I had all the many fine canines
and their owners this unlikely duo stole
the show tonight that's right
the obedience training really paid off
hi i'm jimmy kimmel click below to
subscribe to our youtube channel or if
you want to be that way about adults